and this is what you shall do to them to
hallow them for ministering to me as
priests take one young ball and two Rams
without blemish and unleavened bread
unleavened cakes mixed with oil and
unleavened wafers anointed with oil you
shall make them of wheat flour you shall
put them in one basket and bring them in
the basket with the ball and the two
ramps and Aaron and his sons you shall
bring to the door of the tabernacle of
meeting and you shall wash them with
water then you shall take the garments
put the tunic on Aaron and the robe of
the ephod the ephod and the breastplate
and gird him with the intricately woven
band of the ephod you shall put the
turban on his head and put the holy
crown on the turban and you shall take
the anointing oil pour it on his head
and anoint him then you shall bring his
sons and put tunics on them and you
shall gird them with sashes Aaron and
his sons and put the hats on them the
priesthood shall be theirs for a
perpetual statute so you shall
consecrate Aaron
and his sons you shall also have the
bull brought before the tabernacle of
meeting and Aaron and his sons shall put
their hands on their head of the bull
then you shall kill the bull before the
Lord by the door of the tabernacle of
meeting you shall take some of the blood
of the bull and put it on the horns of
the altar with your finger and pour all
the blood beside the base of the altar
and you shall take all the fat that
covers the entrails the fatty lobe
attached to the liver and the two
kidneys and the fat that is on them and
burn them on the altar but the flesh of
the bull with its skin and it's awful
you shall burn with fire outside the
camp it is a sin offering you shall also
take one RAM and Aaron and his sons
shall put their hands on their head of
the RAM and you shall kill the RAM and
you shall take its blood and sprinkle it
all around on the altar then you shall
cut the RAM in pieces wash its entrails
and its legs and put them with its
pieces and with its head and you shall
burn the whole RAM on the altar
it is a burnt offering to the Lord it is
a sweet aroma an offering made by fire
to the Lord you shall also take the
other round and Aaron and his sons shall
put their hands on the head of the
then you shall kill the round and take
some of its blood and put it on the tip
of the right ear of Aaron and on the tip
of the right ear of his sons on the
thumb of their right hand and on the big
toe of their right foot and sprinkle the
blood all around on the altar and you
shall take some of the blood that is on
the altar and some of the anointing oil
and sprinkle it on Aaron and on his
garments on his sons and on the garments
of his sons with him and he and his
garments shall be hallowed and his sons
and his sons garments with him also you
shall take the fat of the RAM the fat
tale the fat that covers the entrails
the fatty lobe attached to the liver the
two kidneys and the fat on them the
right thigh four it is a ram of
consecration one loaf of bread one cake
made with oil and one wafer from the
basket of the unleavened bread that is
before the Lord and you shall put all
these in the hands of Aaron and in the
hands of his sons and you shall wave
them as a wave offering before the Lord
you shall receive them back from their
hands and burn them on the altar as a
burnt offering as a sweet aroma before
the Lord it is an offering made by fire
to the Lord
then you shall take the breast of the
RAM of Aaron's consecration and wave it
as a wave offering before the Lord and
it shall be your portion and from the
RAM of the consecration you shall
consecrate the breasts of the wave
offering which is waved and the thigh of
the heave offering which is raised of
that which is for Aaron and of that
which is for his sons it shall be from
the children of Israel for Aaron and his
sons by a statute forever for it is a
heave offering it shall be a heave
offering from the children of Israel
from the sacrifices of their peace
offerings that is their heave offering
to the Lord and the holy garments of
Aaron shall be his sons after him to be
anointed in them and to be consecrated
in them that son who becomes priest in
his place shall put them on for seven
days when he enters the tabernacle of
meeting to minister in the holy place
and you shall take the RAM of the
consecration and boil its flesh in the
holy place then Aaron and his sons shall
eat the flesh of the RAM and the bread
that is in the basket by the door of the
tabernacle of meeting they shall eat
those things with which the atonement
was made to consecrate and to sanctify
them but an outsider shall not eat them
because they are holy and if any of the
flesh of the consecration offerings or
of the bread remains until the morning
then you shall burn the remainder with
fire it shall not be eaten because it is
holy
thus you shall do to Aaron and his sons
according to all that I have commanded
you seven days you shall consecrate them
and you shall offer a bull every day as
a sin offering for atonement you shall
cleanse the altar when you make
atonement for it and you shall anoint it
to sanctify it seven days you shall make
atonement for the altar and sanctified
and the altar shall be most holy
whatever touches the altar must be holy
now this is what you shall offer on the
altar two lambs of the first year
day-by-day continually one lamb you
shall offer in the morning and the other
lamb you shall offer at twilight with
the one lamb shall be one tenth of an
ephah of flour mixed with 1/4 of a hint
of pressed oil and 1/4 of a hint of wine
as a drink offering and the other lamb
you shall offer a twilight and you shall
offer with it the grain offering and the
drink offering as in the morning for a
sweet aroma an offering made by fire to
the Lord this shall be a continual burnt
offering throughout your generations at
the door of the tabernacle of meeting
before the Lord where I will meet you to
speak with you and there I will meet
with the children of Israel and the
tabernacle shall be sanctified by my
glory
so I will consecrate the tabernacle of
meeting and the altar
I will also consecrate both Aaron and
his sons to minister to me as priests I
will dwell among the children of Israel
and will be their God and they shall
know that I am the Lord their God who
brought them up out of the land of Egypt
that I may dwell among them I am the
Lord their God